Piyush Verma: We put on our websites and stuff like that. Yeah, yeah.
Sambhav Mehta: But one of my favorites is a 3 day attraction graph. You can do that. You have a lot of options, yeah, or like customer testimonials.
Sambhav Mehta: You can play around with it. But it's just what's gonna be behind you while you're running questions. Some people have done like sort of demo examples of their products.
Sambhav Mehta: there's a lot you can do with it. There's something you want to like. Point out while you're doing the Q. And A. You can mess with that, but bare minimum to like just a logo or something pretty important that you want to do.
Sambhav Mehta: And this is all assuming you get a booth for Demo Day.
Sambhav Mehta: Okay? And the and the room with the the pillows.
Sambhav Mehta: there's an opportunity not gonna lie. So like there's 1 like there's like a this.
Sambhav Mehta: Think of a here
Sambhav Mehta: right here. There's a big ass pillow that's super awkward, so like it's like a line of sight.
Sambhav Mehta: It's cut off right here. So he didn't have people not sit in this little stuff.
Sambhav Mehta: But that's their that's their room. It's cool, right? They said, like product launch room or something. Yeah, but it's there's an opportunity.
Sambhav Mehta: aren't it? Show them.
Ankit Sharma: Yeah, I am co-founder of trends.
Sambhav Mehta: What you doing here?
Sambhav Mehta: Who is that true.
Chloe Lannert: And is that your co-founder?
Chloe Lannert: Can you give me a thumbs up.
Sambhav Mehta: Who are you?
Chloe Lannert: Okay, Trini, can you give me a thumbs up if you know Ankit?
Chloe Lannert: And he's supposed to be here.
Trina Das: Yes, yes, yes, I am.
Chloe Lannert: Great. Beautiful. Okay.
Trina Das: I was on mute. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Alright! We're getting there. Beautiful.
Sambhav Mehta: Cool, so.
Chloe Lannert: Any other questions about demo day logistics, what I need from you. Before you leave the building today.
Chloe Lannert: we feeling good. I will be around
Chloe Lannert: ready to answer further questions for the rest of the day. Talk through the guest list who you've got make sure all your friends and family arrive. Please talk to me. If you have questions tomorrow will be much harder for me to like. Sit down and explain stuff. And then on demo day itself. Neil. Thank you for the flag. I'm running around like a chicken with my head cut off. I am like we've got videographers we've got like a bunch of vendors and people. I will be much less helpful to you all on the day.
Chloe Lannert: So any like, if you want to sit down, pep talk like I would love to do that ideally today.
Sambhav Mehta: I'll just remember if they don't.
Chloe Lannert: From the Google approved vendor list.
Sambhav Mehta: Sucks.
Chloe Lannert: Previous. I I actually can't believe it didn't occur to me to to talk to you about this and I will. I will never be be doing it again.
Chloe Lannert: I'm I'm really sorry. I'm I'm genuinely very sorry Google hasn't approved, listed like.
Sambhav Mehta: Typically these 3 people, the 1st one to respond.
Chloe Lannert: Guy did it last year. He did a good job.
Sambhav Mehta: I know.
Chloe Lannert: I mean. Also.
Chloe Lannert: you should have a conversation, probably with larger tech stars about that, for, like Cross demo days.
Sambhav Mehta: Let's let's.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, what about?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Go to the Google.
Sambhav Mehta: Influence, people.
Chloe Lannert: Are they coming? Still there? Yeah, okay, should we tell them about that? Okay, so I have another like, weird update.
Sambhav Mehta: So like a few months ago. I forgot how I got like a old inbound.
Chloe Lannert: From somebody. And they were like, Yeah, I work for like this film production company. And we're exploring the possibility
Chloe Lannert: really like doing
Chloe Lannert: a new show in Silicon Valley about like the new AI wave and tech companies in the bay. And we talk to you.
Chloe Lannert: He knocked out on the phone. It was like whatever I took the call.
Chloe Lannert: But as I took the call, everyone's like.
Sambhav Mehta: I had to take the.
Chloe Lannert: Control the meeting because they didn't know what they were talking about.
Chloe Lannert: But I was like, Look like, I've got 10 incredible companies like are doing
Chloe Lannert: coming up. If you want to do a pilot and try something out, like I'm sure
Chloe Lannert: ask for their permission. If you guys want to come through and film some other moments of leading up to our demo day like that shouldn't be a problem.
Chloe Lannert: If you guys
Chloe Lannert: want to come to Demo Day, it might be cool. So it's a legit like film company, like they've done like. I think Christian Bale's latest film and stuff like that.
Chloe Lannert: I looked them up so they're gonna like, if it's okay with you all you have to decide.
Chloe Lannert: And
Chloe Lannert: but they're here. I guess they're coming. Tomorrow they come tomorrow. They would like to be a fly
Chloe Lannert: on the wall around for leading up to dinner day, because
Chloe Lannert: this non 0 chance that they decide that afterwards they might be interested in tracking.
Sambhav Mehta: Tell your story.
Chloe Lannert: It's and I've seen you all in the mix and building your businesses in San Francisco another elsewhere.
Chloe Lannert: So if you're open to it.
Chloe Lannert: which I think you should be. But no pressure.
Chloe Lannert: We'll. We'll set you guys up.
Sambhav Mehta: So that they might want to talk to you.
Chloe Lannert: Know you better and just film some of our interactions.
Sambhav Mehta: Sorry, sweet, see.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, I think it's.
Sambhav Mehta: Publicity, like.
Chloe Lannert: This is exactly what happened when I'm in from there, and I filmed.
Chloe Lannert: made. It was like, I didn't think it was a big deal people came. I was like, Yeah, whatever. And I didn't think about them.
Chloe Lannert: And then, months later, like, Hey, we got something real. This is cool.
Sambhav Mehta: Do you need an action? Items from us.
Chloe Lannert: Not yet. They might have like a like a loose waiver of some kind.
Chloe Lannert: But I don't know. We'll have to take a look. Yeah, as of right now. None of what they film is going to be like used commercially. So they would go back and get consents if needed. But they've Pinky promised that they're not going to sell the footage, so they don't need to like be approved by Google's entire press team. And if they go back on that. Okay, yeah. And that all came out last week. This is new for us.
Chloe Lannert: too. So okay, beautiful.
Sambhav Mehta: So they're gonna be full on.
Chloe Lannert: I think so. Yeah, I'll double check. They're still figuring out their scheduling, but they're definitely going to be at Demo Day at 2.
Chloe Lannert: Invite himself. If you want.
Sambhav Mehta: Like, if you really want that like.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Think it's great. They've mentioned sort of why
Chloe Lannert: stuff, but also doing little interviews. So they'll they'll probably tap you for for stuff like that.
Sambhav Mehta: Cool.
Chloe Lannert: Okay.
Chloe Lannert: So we're almost
Chloe Lannert: getting into the deck. There are just 2 more things that are not in the deck that I want to talk about 1st off intros after techstars. Text.
Sambhav Mehta: Is moving further into bridge. It's a platform we've used a little bit in the past, but as of literally this morning. We now, like all techstars, founders, and alumni, get pro access to bridge courtesy of techstars.
Sambhav Mehta: It's a platform that allows you to request loan interest within the platform without sharing too many personal details. It's a very easy acceptor. Reject on the recipient side. It makes it really easy to search who people are connected to and find intro pathways based on your it's like what Linkedin should be, or did I use my
Sambhav Mehta: yeah, something happened. Something dropped.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah, just I think you unshared your screen.
Sambhav Mehta: Okay, so courtesy access to bridge is
Sambhav Mehta: really cool. I saw. So Grant from flat raise a good portion of his round through intros made on bridge. So it does work. You guys can get on the platform and play around. I'll be sharing.
Chloe Lannert: This like monstrous info doc.
Sambhav Mehta: That they shared about like, how best practices how to use it. But basically what Texters universe should be. We're just not going to be in terms of connecting people across the network, so that lives forever.
Sambhav Mehta: 75, part number 2 techstars. Pro rap.
Sambhav Mehta: So this is like alluded to in the slides. But I want to give just like a pretty holistic overview. Techsart has a separate fund for follow on investments. There's going to be this whole sort of reporting situation that you guys are required to do because there's is a stakeholder in your company
Sambhav Mehta: has some level of information, right. You need to submit your financials quarterly and moving forward. But there's also a separate form that you fill out to notify techsars of the race, so it can happen at any point during the race. But we recommend filling it out when your round is about half full, because that's what
Sambhav Mehta: gets people that that makes the Tech Star Central Team aware that you're raising and that kicks off there
Sambhav Mehta: situation of considering you for follow on. So I believe those decisions are made in around a week. It's very quick. It's very algorithmic. That is where your updating and where they look back at your track record. Are you consistent or easy to work with? They typically don't talk to the teams I've never really been asked about. Yeah. I give them a green green light, the easy checking would be before the following commitment is made. But they it's it's a formality for the most part.
Sambhav Mehta: like what I mean by that is, I've told you I never say anything bad about you. I never say anything negative. That's my promise to my group. That being said, if I do think there's legitimate concern, I'm gonna express that I don't feel that way in this group, and that's not the situation. Every now and then there is a bad actor or a founder that I legitimately will tell. Tech starts like, Hey, like
Sambhav Mehta: this doesn't make sense like, I wouldn't recommend this investment. That is extremely low.
Sambhav Mehta: But all this to say, the decision is pretty algorithmic. And outside of that final budget check, we don't get any impact on how that second fund is distributed.
Sambhav Mehta: So
Sambhav Mehta: yeah, just making that clear. But right around 50% full is when you want to fill up the formula to exercise that you're fundraising, and then see if they want to exercise those and follow on
Sambhav Mehta: on average, only one or 2 companies out of every class get followed. So it's not a signal. That's bad. If you don't get it, it's more of a boost for whoever is ready for it at the time.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah. So we don't know the exact forms. I think there's a more thorough answer somewhere that we could pull up or show you what influences it. But yeah, there's a list of inputs. There's a form you fill out to request consideration, a follow on. And and then they look at your financials. There will be a traction at the time.
Sambhav Mehta: This class is Hq. But you can look at that. That's what they're that's what they're considering.
Sambhav Mehta: As well as the ground dynamics. As far as I'm worried, they're pretty price conscious. And look at who else is in or out there, including our chief investment officer. I think
Sambhav Mehta: you can do it sooner. But Chloe's recommending that, because that is like at the latest is what we would say. You can let them know sooner, too.
Sambhav Mehta: if the round is already half full, can you write it on?
Sambhav Mehta: Okay, that's true. On a legal capacity within 20 days, if you close.
Sambhav Mehta: but you have to do that. That's your legal obligation.
Sambhav Mehta: Okay, if you don't want Texas to fall over, I would probably recommend
Sambhav Mehta: letting them know right at your 1st commitment, and there isn't too much traction in the round.
Sambhav Mehta: yes, yeah, it's important for you all to communicate work with me on that if there's something you want to consider, it's like, Hey, I'm not sure I want to start to take up more space on. I want to make room for a lot of investors.
Sambhav Mehta: That's something I need to strategize with you on. And we'll like work, basically together to make sure techsar is aware of that intent? Because it's not always the case that that would happen right? They want to participate. That's part of why the vehicle structure, the way it is I have had time to where I've been able to pull that off. But it's rare, so we have to be intentional. So I'll work with you on that. If that becomes
Sambhav Mehta: we don't need the enough we don't need.
Sambhav Mehta: Okay,
Sambhav Mehta: More details will be shared. Everything will be written out. I just wanted to flag. You need to submit your financials quarterly, and we will be sharing info about how to both notify gestures that you're raising and submit yourself, for there's also an investor newsletter, for when your ground is also around 40 to 50% full that blasts
Sambhav Mehta: your round details to a bunch of investors
Sambhav Mehta: set up like a premium investors.
Sambhav Mehta: So that
Sambhav Mehta: has a really wide scope. If you want to get involved with that, there is a pretty strong, pretty, solid lead time, and there are very limited slots on the newsletter. It goes out monthly, so you need to like, get in contact as soon as possible. To to make sure. I can like ping right? People shake the right trees. Make sure you get on that list. But
Sambhav Mehta: been pretty good at getting all the people who want to be able to promises focuses of each month. Sometimes it seems. But yeah, if there's a way to keep the only investor reveal. Chloe and I would need the work to make that out
Sambhav Mehta: right?
Sambhav Mehta: So you mentioned financials quarterly, is it like you guys looking at something like a form to fill out? Or is it the submit? Or
Sambhav Mehta: but and you should be able to? I mean it should be on something
Sambhav Mehta: approval or something, but I can't imagine I should take too much time
Sambhav Mehta: oops anything else.
Sambhav Mehta: I think they got it. Let's do it. Okay.
Sambhav Mehta: so yeah, this is the. This is like the formal deck that we have, that techsars. Everyone shares. All of Texas programs have this. We'll Riff because we have thoughts on some of these slides that may like deviate the most standard but it's still really important and helpful, because now you all are getting the same communication. Every other founder graduating from this program this week and next week they're going to see. So this is kind of the culmination of everything.
Sambhav Mehta: Okay, investor Review. This is another trickster central thing that is coming up.
Sambhav Mehta: We're gonna ask for a whole.
Sambhav Mehta: some sort of some more submissions. We've done so much prep for them today and your data and ready. So this will take 30 seconds for you to fill out. Right? Yes, yes, okay. It's nothing too crazy. The heaviest lifting is just the deck and and some high, level overview stuff.
Sambhav Mehta: What I'm trying to raise that is only for founders who have just graduated. So if you're raising now, this is this is the one thing that does expire. You only have this, this one chance to participate in the investor review. The techstar Central investment team sits down after every class and they do their best to make targeted intro matches.
Sambhav Mehta: Some people don't get matches. Some people get like 10. The average, I think, is around 2 to 3 matches per calendar. It depends on what industries are like sexy at the time it. Also, if you're in a closer niche, you'll probably get better, more tailored matches. Like AI is really loaded. If you lean into your verticals, you'll probably have a better chance of
Sambhav Mehta: of meeting with people who are super aligned. But that all happens through bridge we'll communicate about deadlines after program. But it's typically 2 to 3 weeks after program is that submission deadline. And then it goes live around. 2 weeks after that is when matches will start being made.
Sambhav Mehta: So the things that you're building now should be ready to go within that case
Sambhav Mehta: for this to be useful, 100%. Yeah, where's Lisa?
Sambhav Mehta: Spring's on. Spring's on. Oh, okay, so it's like, next July, yeah, put yourself on the radar, I mean, why not?
Sambhav Mehta: You'll have to yourself to submit by that deadline, and you'll still get the matches at the same time. But you can like use it as like Intro call.
Sambhav Mehta: But you gotta tell Texas that you're busy.
Sambhav Mehta: No, yeah, it's not. It's not compulsory, but it is a once a 1 time thing. So we've had founders reach out and go. Hey? Can I do, the investor reveal. And we're like, no, it's too late.
Sambhav Mehta: This one, except this, okay.
Sambhav Mehta: we're going to continue working with you guys on data rooms, because I know that there's a lot of work to be done. As you guys get closer to actually raising. But please keep that those financial models up to date. With the new reporting requirements and raises coming up on the horizon for a lot of you being really dialed in super important. Yeah. Well, if and by the way, more to the investor, reveal.
Sambhav Mehta: and you don't have these things up to date right now, then, you're not seriously like you're not ready. So just be honest with yourself about whether you're ready and whether you want that, because if you don't have these things lined up.
Sambhav Mehta: you're not.
Sambhav Mehta: But but when you're gonna submit, yeah, exactly. You got it. Figure it out in New York.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah.
Sambhav Mehta: Okay,
Sambhav Mehta: keep hanging out with your mentors. A lot of them are, and we'll throw a check about this program. Some of them operate during program, but really leverage the network for investor connections across the board. The mentors you've stayed in contact with. Use them as more inter pathways bring them in pipeline, I mean. I can't tell you how many times I meet with founders who want to meet because they're finally ready to raise, and they need help and want to sit down and go. Who have you met with
Sambhav Mehta: from the program. Who have you talked to? And they go. I haven't done it yet.
Sambhav Mehta: Okay, again, like, what are we talking about here like, are you gonna do the things that are available to you or not? So like sometimes my meetings are like reminders to people of obvious things. So I'd love to avoid that with this group, if I can.
Sambhav Mehta: Texas universe is a good resource, and it's going to be way more useful with bridge attached. So now you can use universes like your shopping list of people you want to get connected with and use bridge to identify pathways throughout. So like, figure out which Md, you want to be able to connect you, to, to connect to a specific investor like there are all these like weird new pathways that are going to be a lot more visible now. As of this morning. Yeah, it was a really cool email from David. So David, totally emailed the entire company this morning, and basically said, like, Hey.
Sambhav Mehta: some of us are good. Some of us are bad at following through and following up to make introductions for founders.
Sambhav Mehta: Now we're all gonna be and hear that. And there's like a whole huge guide. And it's like every all techsart founders now that are active get access to a pro account for bridge. We signed a big contract with the company, and we all get the advanced accounts as well. So now it's like autumn.
Sambhav Mehta: like, I just need to click a button to say yes rather than like the email and the follow up and the warm intro and all those steps and keeping track of the communication systems and whatever. Now, I just want to get stuff, it's cool. It also gives you dramatically more visibility, like. If someone sends an intro, it automatically notifies you 2 weeks later. If there's no response, it just keeps you up to date on what's going on. So you don't have to make that spreadsheet from here that's like to see where this middle.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah, I'll be honest like this. That's the shittiest part of the whole thing for me. It's like managing
Sambhav Mehta: multiple different communication channels and requests. So I'm actually solving 10 years ago. But how do they? How do you guys get them involved. Let's say, somebody graduated 10 years ago
Sambhav Mehta: in the video.
Sambhav Mehta: They're gonna get. They have to choose to do it. But they all get notified. They have access to a lot. So everybody might want to be there. But whoever is there?
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah. But but like our network like, it automates the connection opportunity. And what what happens if you've ever used it. But what happens is, if they're not a member of bridge, they get a message from you, basically, hey, I'm using this to make this connection to this person, this. Okay?
Sambhav Mehta: So it's us, actually, the person, whether they have bridge or not. If we can make the intro, you'll see it. It's a platform that the email notifications are really good. You don't have to be on bridge
Sambhav Mehta: tech stores like to give all this access, uploaded. The emails of every single company that hasn't like, exited or then acquired. Like all those founders who are still operating the Tech Service Company are.
Sambhav Mehta: It's great. I think you guys can benefit big time like there's no better time to get like connections with people than right now as a text. And this is the 1st time this is happening. Some investors
Sambhav Mehta: whatever, but not like this.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah, now you have a pro account. You are with a free pro account.
Sambhav Mehta: All techsofthani.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah.
Sambhav Mehta: I know a lot of you are thinking about bootstrapping, avoiding raised smaller rounds.
Sambhav Mehta: You have the plan. You're good. But stay aware in the numbers.
Sambhav Mehta: Bye.
Sambhav Mehta: the Texas founder fundraising toolkit is a notion, Mega page, that will with the Hq. If it's not already there. I know it's already in the Alumni, Hq. But it's a ton of really great resources. Everything from population tools to how to build your investor. Crm, like it's just a bunch of resources that are there for you to come through anytime. You want to dive deeper into any of the topics we've covered, or
Sambhav Mehta: stand out beyond what we have.
Sambhav Mehta: That's only gotten better over time, like I've seen many different versions of it over the years. It's basically the collective whistle of prospects, ours all in the notion page. It's great highly recommend it. If you want to do with me to talk about fundraising schedule, and you haven't gone there. I'm just going to tell you to do that first, st so you might as well take that step and then talk.
Sambhav Mehta: and then finally, thanks for help talk to us. I love reading through the steps, Neil. If you
Sambhav Mehta: we put in the work, Neil will sit down for a Mothbc interview, and just rip you apart, and then I'll do whatever I'll do anything that's helpful.
Sambhav Mehta: Okay.
Sambhav Mehta: this is important. This is this is real, and and you don't know it until you feel it like we tell people we have time for other to relate. But there's this thing called the clip, which is like you just had 3 months of structured, immersive programming, community connectivity friendships. All this stuff, right? We have Kpis. We have all these events and activities. We haven't seen real to be accountable to all this communication channels. And all of a sudden, after New York
Sambhav Mehta: things get real quiet and you're in the field.
Sambhav Mehta: Some of you are gonna like that thing. But I think most of you are gonna go damn like.
Sambhav Mehta: I didn't realize what I was, gonna miss.
Sambhav Mehta: So when people get that clip like the opportunity for you is to one, be prepared for it and know it's coming, but 2
Sambhav Mehta: do what you need to like, pick it back up like, reconnect with people and bring that community back together.
Sambhav Mehta: Usually not everybody makes it. But most people do. I hope everyone in this group decides to stay connected. Because you guys are amazing. One of the most qualified and impressive groups people I've ever had the pleasure to work with. So I hope you all take that seriously, and you keep us as it was, too. But this is a choice that you have to make when you follow the split. What do you do when you know when you get back up?
Sambhav Mehta: And then we all hit on this last week. But we we do stay connected. It'll make this whole transition so much easier.
Sambhav Mehta: Stay connected right there it is. Good.
Sambhav Mehta: Please, please
Sambhav Mehta: just keep your email current in Texas universe. The rest do what you want like if you want to be searchable and more accessible to other people. Great. But please keep your email updated. If it changes.
Sambhav Mehta: That's how we like, find and keep track of you. Keep sending you sort of resources. Event invites whatever.
Sambhav Mehta: Don't let us disconnect, it almost looks so bad. It's like, I know, this person says we gotta go whatever
Sambhav Mehta: we're gonna have 2 post program surveys. One is going to be the Texas Central one that's going to be sent out on Friday after Demo Day. I believe it might be next week. I'm not sure
Sambhav Mehta: so it should be this Friday, and then they're gonna keep emailing you about it. Please fill this out.
Sambhav Mehta: Please fill this out. This, this feedback is ridiculously, incredibly valuable. And it goes to Central. So it just helps them understand how our team is doing. And then we're also gonna send a second survey from. And for just our team where we're gonna ask in more detail about different program features, different sort of things. We've been doing to get a better gut check on the more specific things to our program versus just.
Sambhav Mehta: we want you all to be proud of the program that we shape going forward based on your feedback.
Sambhav Mehta: So we know that we're not perfect, and, like all of us, are perfect. So whatever we need to do to improve, we want to know there's more nuance with the survey we send out. That's related to our program specifically that you know, they will test our solutions out. And, by the way, that's real like tech starts like I get a message from the CEO
Sambhav Mehta: about these results. They'll they'll ask me things. So just so, you know, like it's real. They will listen. They are listening. We want your feedback, but just know it also, like it shapes our reputation within the company.
Sambhav Mehta: So just know that as well. So if you have thoughts, whether they're complimentary, critical, whatever we want you to like, give those but definitely like if you could like, especially if you have good things to say, I would very much appreciate it, I think only 4 companies filled out the midpoint out of the 10, so please help us out with that feedback
Sambhav Mehta: based on like
Sambhav Mehta: full time members are the ones to be asked to fill that out. Yeah, but I'll I'll be honest with you all. I have a little bit of like, not anxiety, but like I'm a little concerned about it, because, like to be frank, there's a lot of people that weren't part of a lot of the programs.
Sambhav Mehta: So there's full time members that didn't full time show up. So it's weird. Because on one hand, you're gonna get feedback about things
Sambhav Mehta: that you didn't experience. So just be mindful and respectful of that, because if you decide not to show up to everything we asked, that's okay.
Sambhav Mehta: which is recognized like, you may not have the full picture of what this program is all about. If you didn't show up there.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah, this is kind of like.
Sambhav Mehta: it's not important stuff. I think it's gonna be helpful for you guys to know each session. If we do the most out
Sambhav Mehta: the idea behind those are it's gonna have like one pager for everyone like.
Sambhav Mehta: Then take all the little things that show
Sambhav Mehta: tips or stuff you get out of themselves and yet sharing everyone. So maybe you know, I need something that may.
Sambhav Mehta: But you know oh, damn!
Sambhav Mehta: And then you share it with like the rest of the
Sambhav Mehta: people teach or and then come back to it if you want. It sounds especially helpful for people who miss the majority of our program.
Sambhav Mehta: So actually, it's using salesforce as a bit of a keyword
Sambhav Mehta: like Alex was telling me ideas that he learned. But what what we came down to was actionable insights, like from. If I go back to India and tell my co-founders that this is this, and also for other other people in the cohort.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah, I think that's great. I'm just big idea. Yeah, I think that's great. And I would just also emphasize, like, I mean, frankly, you miss a shit ton of program, right? So there's a lot to catch up on. I recommend you. Go back and look at some of those workshops.
Sambhav Mehta: There's a lot of value. I think in this.
Sambhav Mehta: yeah, on that, the thing that we were saying like, I say, like, people are like, Okay.
Sambhav Mehta: I think I'm gonna introduce you to this point.
Sambhav Mehta: The example I gave was that dance workshop.
Sambhav Mehta: They, too, because I love. I absolutely love them
Sambhav Mehta: in 2,008.
Sambhav Mehta: So just to ask, like, I don't know how to do it. Okay.
Sambhav Mehta: give or whatever post it on Linkedin
Sambhav Mehta: sessions. That's great. I'll just also add, like you get out what you put in like. I said the beginning. So if there's a workshop you didn't go to, and in your mind there weren't actionable insights.
Sambhav Mehta: If you showed up to that workshop, and you asked for optimal insights. Maybe you would have gotten.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah, I think I think this is not supposed.
Sambhav Mehta: Aw, t, that's it, screw that is supposed to be just a few things.
Sambhav Mehta: What is we want? Very actionable ideas, love it, that's requisite.
Sambhav Mehta: See?
Sambhav Mehta: But that here's 1 thing, that it is
Sambhav Mehta: huge story. There's a lot of good feedback from Dexter, that is, you have to experience it, to know or to get value out of it.
Sambhav Mehta: And this is very get saved. And it's very difficult. Yeah, it's not sweet. Yeah, that's, of course.
Sambhav Mehta: think it's going to be a long list. Some of it is going to be like, very, very like
Sambhav Mehta: so much evaluating.
Sambhav Mehta: I guess the point is that since it was a discussion between us, we just wanted to pay another.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah, I'm super excited to review how each of you have engaged on the material that seems super interesting to figure out what works and like how
Sambhav Mehta: I think I have a whole snippets. Who's up, Chloe? I love being a secret.
Sambhav Mehta: I'm our little secret. Yes, if there's something you like about me like I don't care. You can say whatever you want online. But, like, you know, I'm sure I'm saying Chloe needs to build up her reputation so I can post whatever
Sambhav Mehta: come on.
Sambhav Mehta: But that that would be amazing. If if you're cool with us using that, we'd like.
Sambhav Mehta: do a little bit after the program and also put up the sourcing.
Sambhav Mehta: So I'll say one more thing about this slide before we move on to engagement.
Sambhav Mehta: this community, especially in San Francisco is yours to shape.
Sambhav Mehta: It's new, it's arguably one of the newest, but also one of the most important.
Sambhav Mehta: So here you all are, with the golden opportunity to be the leaders of the San Francisco Bay Area Tech search network.
Sambhav Mehta: If I'm you I'll grab an apple by the horn. You don't have to physically be here to be a part of it, too. Right? Take advantage of the fact, like you all have a brand, and very few people do, even within the tech circle. When you go to New York, people run on and up
Sambhav Mehta: what's going on. Oh, here's and that's why I want you are where everybody wants to be. So you all aren't figuring out a way to like capitalize on that as a group. But shame on you!
Sambhav Mehta: I'm happy to brainstorm and talk about things happy to help. There. We have our own kind of plans to, you know. Make sure we make the Bay Area and San Francisco, more prominent in the Texas universe. But, like, I do think, alumni tend to take charge of the formation of events, activities, reputation. You all shape the culture.
Sambhav Mehta: we're not in charge.
Sambhav Mehta: Okay, yeah, then, you definitely different personalities. I'm not sure necessarily
Sambhav Mehta: super like social media out there kind of person.
Sambhav Mehta: But one of the things that we really care about
Sambhav Mehta: these future founders. Yes, so the same follow that.
Sambhav Mehta: Because I know, you know, just like
Sambhav Mehta: so the founder talks program probably is the highest
Sambhav Mehta: value that I've ever gotten through this 10 people. So
Sambhav Mehta: I don't know what the right pathway to kind of signal. Then I know that the next 6 h and Sf. Is far down.
Sambhav Mehta: so I don't know if they're like
Sambhav Mehta: chunks that we can contribute at least
Sambhav Mehta: frankly, when you guys brought like, you have like, text, only students like, I mean.
Sambhav Mehta: college sometimes be involved in direct.
Sambhav Mehta: 5 weeks ago. Good one, that like social media. So yeah, like, maybe like the
Sambhav Mehta: like, it's like the events like the tech stars kind of ambassador.
Sambhav Mehta: genuine interactions with people in whatever form you all think they should take. I don't control that. I'm not saying it's even to be clear. I'm saying that for me personally, like it's not my cup of tea like, my interest is in like actual products. So we've been talking about something real. We're doing something.
Sambhav Mehta: That's what I'm I'm not hanging around and like we can do that. That's fun for this group, or our groups, or whatever you all let me know, I'll go to Karaoke, but like for the most part, it's just for fun. I probably will be there. But if it's for something real valuable I'm in.
Sambhav Mehta: So I love to include you all little signal while we're we're going to bother you about programs.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah, we love you coming back and just ping like, if you want to do a talk. Whatever I. I was talking to Vermona for the Kpis, and it's like I think I like. I think I've sorted talk with fundraising journey, and I think you should have to do that, too. Just tell us your ideas, and we'll we'll put it together and like iterate over time.
Sambhav Mehta: we'll also like ping you about this sort of panel stuff. If you're interested, we'll keep you up to date, and definitely come to the new class kickoffs and demo days in the future. But also, if you're interested in getting touch with other programs who are running in the fall or sooner, or like off our sort of spring spring schedule.
Sambhav Mehta: yeah, your your referrals get a top priority fast pass, too. So if you have a company or company, you want us to talk, to consider investing in, or to work with or to help. We prioritize what you all say.
Sambhav Mehta: so that shoots at the top of the list.
Sambhav Mehta: Oh, the winters!
Sambhav Mehta: Right?
Sambhav Mehta: So Okarbi, for update on global mentor engagement. If you want to get in touch with a different program.
Sambhav Mehta: talk to her and she will route you to the program teams and get you in touch and let you know, like what what's running when and all of that, she used to work on anywhere team. So she's close to the program team and she's cool. And she'll help you land in the right spot.
Sambhav Mehta: There you go.
Sambhav Mehta: Okay.
Sambhav Mehta: if you want. That's the one on one with the lead mentors. If you want this, they're not obligated to do that. But we recommend you ask if you have a good connection with them. Keep a regular checking. No, I mean, that's great. And I'm available. So like I said.
Sambhav Mehta: it's choose your own adventure with me. So by the end of this week, assuming I'm not
Sambhav Mehta: drunken, Napa, I send a message out, at least by the start of next week. We'll see how it goes, I send a message out with my account.
Sambhav Mehta: So that's my customary thing at the end of every program is, I say, I share my calendar. I don't share every program because my calendar.
Sambhav Mehta: So you can book time of week anytime you want that I'm away.
Sambhav Mehta: So that's always available to every founder I invest in. So you have my calendar. You can book whatever time I have and I have some founders that have a standing meeting.
Sambhav Mehta: I've done weeklies. I've done bi-weekly, so I've done monthly. So I've done quarterlies. I have all versions of that at different times at different times in their lives when they need help.
Sambhav Mehta: Berman had it with me for a while, when he came out of the program. That was great, but he kept coming late, so I just canceled it. I was like Bro, this box, me and he started doing that. And things worked out. But don't think you need that time unless you want to be serious about you, show up with an agenda you have something to talk about. Send me something beforehand. You all know how to show up but just know, like there's no question that you have the most access to me other than my pain
Sambhav Mehta: in my life.
Sambhav Mehta: That's it.
Sambhav Mehta: Keep talking to each other.
Sambhav Mehta: I like we keep hammering this because it is so so important. Some people are still doing weekly calls. Some classes are doing monthly really make time to see each other, and then commit to showing up like 6 months down the line. When you see that like, save that time on the calendar, please.
Sambhav Mehta: the
Sambhav Mehta: it always feel better after it like I join these alumni calls whenever I can. It's always just so so lovely to like check back in with people, whether it's attraction updates or sharing fundraising strategies, or whatever whatever's hard or easy, or whatever you're celebrating, it is so so delightful, really make time and commit to checking in long term, and it's easy to sort of let that fall off.
Sambhav Mehta: Whether it's Kpi calls 10 by tens. Whatever structure makes sense for you, whatever duration makes sense, whatever cadence makes sense, agree on that before you all disperse. And unfortunately, I hate to say it. It works better when there's a single owner of those times same classes try to rotate it. It's really hard.
Sambhav Mehta: I it just unfortunately works better when it's 1 or 2 people. Yeah. So whoever wants to like lead the charge there, I've also seen people rotate hosts every quarter where, like one person will run 3, and next person will run 3. That's it, or miss that works sometimes.
Sambhav Mehta: But unfortunately, the the class that's doing the best with. It is Oakland Spring 24. Since Jayla starts at that computer every Monday. She is one of you immediately call, and people show up, and she's there
Sambhav Mehta: sets up process monthly, and they try to do some rotations, and then I didn't
Sambhav Mehta: to a single host, but like.
Sambhav Mehta: just pick a person, whoever wants to charge.
Sambhav Mehta: and then it looks really nice to that person.
Sambhav Mehta: because it's annoying to have to keep track of.
Sambhav Mehta: And then some of us are friendship companies. So finger you all. We'll bother you all.
Sambhav Mehta: If you have ideas for additional workshops you want to do. Let us know. We're
Sambhav Mehta: it's something we experimented with a bit more this program alumni run stuff. And I think the more we lean into the live, tactical experience of our alumni better the program gets. So we have so many people who are so good at very specific things, and we want to share more of that.
Sambhav Mehta: So
Sambhav Mehta: the whole thing here to think about framework. Wise is like, if it's something you really enjoyed learning and getting into, you really engage with the material.
Sambhav Mehta: Buddy.
Sambhav Mehta: apply it in your business, of course, but they come back and share the notes. Ask yourself, wow! If I could have learned this from me when I was at work, and this would be more helpful if you feel that when it comes back, what's us up?
Sambhav Mehta: And we can also do alumni workshop. But I haven't done this a lot yet. But I'm experimenting with some ideas. So like we have a whole community, right people, we can do a remote workshop whether it's a 30 min day, 45 min thing, and just it's catch all for anybody who wants to come. Once the whole group. I think those are really cool, especially now that we have our next program in March of next year. We have a lot of time to do a lot of extra valuable programming for the whole like class.
Sambhav Mehta: We had a program in March of next year. We have a year off.
Sambhav Mehta: is it for some, many, many of them? Yeah, some are running experience. Yeah.
Sambhav Mehta: new York is the one that has the most program loads. Because that's our headquarters. And we have multiple different programs.
Sambhav Mehta: Oh.
Sambhav Mehta: I had a really good question about New York tech and New York delegate. So I registered in New York delegate.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah, you might have to fight your way in. I don't think everybody can get to.
Sambhav Mehta: I do. You're in.
Sambhav Mehta: That's
Sambhav Mehta: I don't know. I don't know how the protocol is, but I I know I've had to message people sometimes to help diamonds fit in.
Sambhav Mehta: Thank you.
Sambhav Mehta: If you want to know. Yeah.
Sambhav Mehta: So
Sambhav Mehta: if you want to go to the New York Demo day, you have to register for it, and you may not get in
Sambhav Mehta: program teams, but they're in the same situation with us where their event is being run by Google, and they will need a service and do that asap. If that's something that you're trying to do and also be respectful with the events like, I also want to be clear, like, we actually
Sambhav Mehta: there was a founder from, was it New York? There was another program where founder came from last? Yeah, for the last program, and he like, demanded access to our demo like a seat. We have 200 slots for our Google Demo Day. For this.
Sambhav Mehta: We don't know.
Sambhav Mehta: because it was clear from what this communication that I noticed, and then I heard from a few other people who knew him. This founder. This is a transactional person. He was here for himself. He was here to take away the limelight from the 10 companies that were pitching. He wanted to interject himself and his business to network and fundraise and take advantage of people in the room in a way that wasn't give 1st or respectful to the situation. So I will
Sambhav Mehta: the founder from that kind of thing. I'm pretty sure my fellow needs to do the same course. So be the kind of person that goes to New York next week and actually gives first, st and is a joy to have in those rooms, not somebody that's only interested in your own products because you're that I'll hear it.
Sambhav Mehta: It really wasted energy. And he's like my round has been going really badly. Now that I'm in San Francisco, it's your problem. Yeah, let me get access to this. And you guys help me. I'm like, no sorry, Buddy.
Sambhav Mehta: don't. Don't be rancid.
Sambhav Mehta: Keep your eyes out. We might have some stuff cooking in the like, larger am.
Sambhav Mehta: yeah. Situation in the next year or so. Do we keep you guys up in there and then
Sambhav Mehta: check in on discord, particularly when you're traveling. You can sometimes, like meet founders in different cities, from like the tech stars network. It's an easier way to get in touch with people I'd also recommend, if you're going to a different city and you know that Texas has an office there in the program team ping, the program manager of
Sambhav Mehta: area. It's not always doable, but usually can. So a lot of people hit play because you can imagine San Francisco is a place lots of techstars alumni try to come to. They hit us up. We're like, Hey, can you help us out?
Sambhav Mehta: We're in program. Sure we'll give you a day in the office. That kind of thing. We're on a program. We don't have an office. So here's a list of recommendations we have, how we can help.
Sambhav Mehta: you know, or or things that we think are good, so they can help you connect. They can let you know if there are any events happening at the time, don't act as scheduled
Sambhav Mehta: and ask specifically, without, you will.
Sambhav Mehta: So yeah,
Sambhav Mehta: you guys see my portfolio support groups, because I add you to alumni skew from week, one or 2. So you see what's there? What's there is what I am? For the most part there's more. Maybe we'll see when you get out of me. But yeah, I think I'll get better at my job you all definitely make me better. But if there are things that you think I could be doing that I'm not
Sambhav Mehta: well.
Sambhav Mehta: I'm your product. I'm a version of a product. I'm your fundraising investment vehicle product. But you can chisel into what you think it should be. So help me help you. I guess we have a slide on that next? Right? Sorry. Yeah, I know it's coming. Thank you. Yeah, that So
Sambhav Mehta: let's see what else I have. Okay. So you all know that Alexis, little portable thing bridge is. Gonna solve a lot of that. Still. Have that in your back pocket.
Sambhav Mehta: If you don't know what that is, if you haven't clicked that link, or if you can't remember what's behind that link.
Sambhav Mehta: Please look at that. It's old. It's like over 10 years old. It has not gotten old. It is the
Sambhav Mehta: was the sake of the English. Correct? It is this standard, please.
Sambhav Mehta: when you communicate like that. Yes, exactly. If you communicate the way Alex recommended Alex. Is the investor, Berlin, that he's telling you story about.
Sambhav Mehta: Right?
Sambhav Mehta: He nailed. I I think I found a better practice of what he outlined there of how to like keep things short to the point about why a good intro is in that for an investment to entertain from a family
Sambhav Mehta: the things that don't end up happening with successful intros is if a founder is spamming
Sambhav Mehta: because they're scattershotting because they're desperate, and they want lots of connections with lots of contacts and investors with very little to no customization in the message.
Sambhav Mehta: So some praise. Few weeks ago, I think Meg reached out to us with her like ideal connections.
Sambhav Mehta: And the message you wrote, I forgot who the name of the person was.
Sambhav Mehta: There was somebody who's like a big deal, you know, this person really important? Or.
Sambhav Mehta: yeah, the level of thinking that Meg put into that message. I was like, yes, this is the way, like she literally customized almost every single line thinking about who this person is and what you want to talk to. I think that's that's the best practice I I can't recommend enough if it's important you to have a connection, if it's not important, I can tell, because you're gonna message me, it's gonna be generic thing about you. And I'm running around. And here's 1 quick line that I automated that kind of says something. They're actually, vaguely kind of maybe customized, almost
Sambhav Mehta: sure that sounds important.
Sambhav Mehta: You want it to like. If I accidentally send it to the wrong person, they'll know that it's like their name. It should be abundantly clear.
Sambhav Mehta: Cool. Keep talking about some basic world around culture world around.
Sambhav Mehta: Keep your data up to date like
Sambhav Mehta: tech service really likes pulling data from French base to look at the company metrics. Obviously, the financials are more important. But it's always nice to have an updated presence
Sambhav Mehta: continue to learn. So we have alongside the fundraising toolkit. There's a whole new suite of educational stuff that's been reworked over the last like 6 months or so. We have really cool firesides and talks that you can sit down and watch a whole bunch of content. Well, yeah, I want to say a few things here. So one is if somebody asks you what sex stars are like, or how is it one? We have a friendda with you all about our account.
Sambhav Mehta: So one thing is, you should not be sharing any of our internal workshops with other people or outside people sharing those zoom links and recordings and workshops don't do that.
Sambhav Mehta: but what you can do is go to the toolkit.techservice.com.
Sambhav Mehta: which has a lot of excellent content that's really available to everyone that shocks me, that so few people take advantage of it.
Sambhav Mehta: So if you have someone that wants to be more like you, tell them to go, do that, and then come talk to you afterwards, and then find out what more you can do to help them
Sambhav Mehta: orange juice in the meat. You think they're worth it
Sambhav Mehta: right, but just make sure you keep our San Francisco program in house, because that's our expectation.
Sambhav Mehta: Beautiful. Take care of yourselves. They're they're like the little quizzes where you can like 5 check, and it feels very like high school class to be like, am I sleeping this many hours a night? But sometimes it is good to just look at it on paper and be like, Oh, shit like my habits are bad doing this sort of ticking the boxes that I need to like. Feel good.
Sambhav Mehta: It it's honestly a pretty useful exercise that they've got up there.
Sambhav Mehta: which is super interesting, whatever whatever way works best for you.
Sambhav Mehta: Talent, you have a job board you can claim your posting your your company profile through careers or jobs where you can like clean your profile, and then there's a bunch of other like, I think there's some handshake stuff like access to universities like there's a bunch bunch of resources for full-time talent recruiting.
Sambhav Mehta: Also we have those partnerships with Berkeley that you can continue to leverage for
Sambhav Mehta: designers of internal employees. What's the
Sambhav Mehta: Berkeley and in Chicago? So it's in Chicago's met now and then trainers of Berkeley. And quickly.
Sambhav Mehta: yeah. By the way, those those are so, Berkeley, New Chicago, are the ones that we directly say possible. I mean, if I'm you all and you need access to talent.
Sambhav Mehta: I'm going to community. I'm not gonna find universities that have the talent, the curriculum, the class the pedigree that you're looking for. If I'm you, I'm
Sambhav Mehta: I'm getting yeah, I mean, I'm I'm here. I'm your way there. I mean, I'm engineering some professor engineering school and at the business school. So 2 of the best schools for talent for startups
Sambhav Mehta: you've always teaching totally. Also ask ask mentors for that. So a lot of mentors have, like good people, sort of in community like.
Sambhav Mehta: do they want to sort of elevate? I don't think my school gets enough reputation and deserves we're number 6 in the country overall. And that's 1 of the top business schools on Earth, like.
Sambhav Mehta: you know, recognize?
Sambhav Mehta: Thrown away there.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah, yeah, he did, too. Yeah, he did the the law school thing. Too bad.
Sambhav Mehta: Anyway, there's also stuff on how to like, decide on salaries and all that stuff.
Sambhav Mehta: Why is it important to send these updates out?
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah, he wanted to follow. We're gonna take a look. Okay, have they been updating us? Have they kept it consistent? That's probably one of the inputs that they're tracking to determine. The follow on indicator
Sambhav Mehta: also updates at techstars. I know it's been acting here it is active. It has been confirmed like 4 times.
Sambhav Mehta: it is looking at it. And there might be like an email address that feeds into that which is inactive. But like your updates, that things are landing in the right place and then working on whatever weird bounce messages are happening. Keith
Sambhav Mehta: talking this, and then there'll be more details on that. But for for the good habits, all that monthly quarterly, whatever we need to do it.
Sambhav Mehta: cap table. There are a bunch of
Sambhav Mehta: resources and things we have. A lot of them are contingent on you, having less than a million dollars raised. Like the free or discounted version. There's also fidelity. Private shares has a discounted
Sambhav Mehta: version. I'll share. I think it's I think it's free version as well and then significantly cheaper than 10 current.
Sambhav Mehta: But there's a bunch of resources check the universe, but also check the partnerships slide and the alumni community. That's where I'm dumping a bunch of resources that are exclusive to San Francisco. Only. So we've got some some extra stuff there where we need to discuss this
Sambhav Mehta: to Fuisha's point. I think they updated this from here, so looks like they want it when you have your 1st commitment, not at 50. That being said like.
Sambhav Mehta: I think 50% is still the latest. You should do it. But it sounds like they're asking you to do it even early.
Sambhav Mehta: So consider that if that's what you want.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah, we'll just put this.
Sambhav Mehta: It's the 2 some have or some are time bound, others aren't. You have to look
Sambhav Mehta: so well? The Perks. He's asking how the Perks expired.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah, so you'll see expiration dates on on. But that's just like whenever the contract gets to negotiated. So some like keep an eye out different after the expiration date. But all the Perks and Gnp credits are overwhelmingly open to whoever there's some things that will only be available if you've raised under a certain amount.
Sambhav Mehta: Specifically, the capital stuff that tends to be. And then, cloud credits are 10,000. So whenever you activate that package that those credits expire. That's something to really solid eye on. Like, don't take off the 350 K Google package. Now take off the 25 K. And then 2 years later, once you use it up, then you can.
Sambhav Mehta: But generally it has nothing to do with. When you graduate from. I think if you time it all right, like I've heard this, I haven't seen it. I don't know it for sure, but I've heard some founders and people acknowledge this. I think when I was, I did an event with the Tokyo and me last week, and he said, like, there's over a million dollars in like actual real value to the Perks. If you structure and utilize them properly
Sambhav Mehta: in millions, it's millions, it's a number. It's a bigger number than you would think that you can actually pull full value from if you strategize around which Perks are helpful to your business. So I think it's awesome. It used to be like a hundred 1,000
Sambhav Mehta: when I joined. It was a hundred out. That was my talking.
Sambhav Mehta: Did I ask about it?
Sambhav Mehta: Whatever just in general.
Sambhav Mehta: So either default is not saved anywhere.
Sambhav Mehta: Thanks, if you if you have like.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah. The way I hear it reminds me of stripe, you know, like you could pay less and do more of the work yourself, or like, do something that's a little more legal, you know. Whatever stripe seems to make things relatively standard. You guys know better than me. I haven't had to use this in a while.
Sambhav Mehta: This stuff didn't exist back when I had the problem. So you're gonna have to help each other figure out what makes sense with their billing departments. And like the overall customer experience being over, Bill in the past 6 months to a year, so we should be other options.
Sambhav Mehta: and sorry I don't.
Sambhav Mehta: It is more expensive. This, I mean, we're talking about is, it's more expensive.
Sambhav Mehta: That's yeah.
Sambhav Mehta: And these are all moving targets, too. There's no like standard best practice that stays true forever. So as things evolve, communicate with each other. Let us know, too.
Sambhav Mehta: what's the meaning of what's the term sheet? Or is it like an email written group just working?
Sambhav Mehta: I think a soft permit is probably how I would interpret that that they go
Sambhav Mehta: some email, that proof that there's
Sambhav Mehta: yeah. I mean, it's not about proving it. I mean, you're just we're taking at your work. So whatever version of the commitment you think is real when you communicate, that's what we're gonna
Sambhav Mehta: something you can be strategic like. If you want to
Sambhav Mehta: wait until you have a little bit more traction to notify, you can say 1st term sheet is signed, and also these are in the pipeline. That's a good point.
Sambhav Mehta: So so if I'm hearing totally, see if I'm hearing totally right sorry to interrupt, I just want to clarify. I think this is interesting. What she's saying is interesting because I didn't. I didn't think about that way. So I heard that. But
Sambhav Mehta: even if you do get your 1st commitment.
Sambhav Mehta: Maybe it makes sense to time it in a way where you know, you're gonna like, have more momentum
Sambhav Mehta: that might strategically, if I'm you. That's what I would strategize. But I want follow on. I want to structure in a way where not only am I getting my 1st payment, but I'm updating them with more that are on the way, because I know it's timed in a way that's gonna demonstrate that rather than just like Oh, in my 1st payment, and then, like crickets.
Sambhav Mehta: time passes. Okay, now, I'm okay. They're struggling. So I don't know if that's how they think. Honestly, I have no idea. But if I'm you, that's kind of the strategy.
Sambhav Mehta: just like with any other investor.
Sambhav Mehta: So from the other industry, do you really.
Sambhav Mehta: there is moment to manage some sort of a
Sambhav Mehta: 4. That is just a local thing. Then we bring others on board. Then the 1st one actually comes on board. But do we really do that with text ours.
Sambhav Mehta: I would treat them like another investment that's making a follow on funding decision. It's not us making this decision. It is you theoretically competing with hundreds of other companies for programming at the same time like this is, it is one fund for all North American follow on funding. So it's
Sambhav Mehta: like it is unlikely to get it. If that's something that you really want in and around, you need to. I yeah, I know, I know our investment team. I know our investment team, I know Andrew Cleland, the chief investment officer, said. Yes, all of you.
Sambhav Mehta: because he had to approve
Sambhav Mehta: along with David Cohen each investment that I make. So they've looked at your company. They know it. So they're going to be critical of it. They've thought about it, and they ultimately chose you once didn't choose you again, and that his team Andrew's team is
Sambhav Mehta: those are savage like I met with one of them last week, and like they're serious business, they remind me of like a legit later stage Vc. Deals as well like, you're not just competing against other 3 C rounds or C rounds you're competing against like a series B from a company that detection 5 years ago. It's a difficult time to work with and you need to. You need to be pretty buttoned up with how you're engaging, even if it is just a little fun. That's right.
Sambhav Mehta: Good, great!
Sambhav Mehta: I told you Amy got it right
Sambhav Mehta: from live from our last San Francisco Club.
Sambhav Mehta: Provision information can be provided.
Sambhav Mehta: Oh.
Sambhav Mehta: some people may not even remember what this is. But we did ask them to do in the beginning.
Sambhav Mehta: the founders at email. You'll remember this, some of you. Maybe not. It's okay. We recommend it in the beginning, we on boarded you in the 1st week that you create a founders at message for your domain, for your company. That's something that we would typically try if we have trouble getting a hold of you, or that this is a good catch. All that we use as a kind of internal best practice. A lot of Vcs are familiar with this, too.
Sambhav Mehta: Just let just let us know if you change your email, please, because I will let you down through and like if I don't have the bandwidth like it might lose you for a few months, and I'll get upset anyway.
Sambhav Mehta: it's not saying like, Really, please, okay.
Sambhav Mehta: I think this is redundant. We can probably talk through the end. Okay, I'll do my Abraham quote. You all know this. Abraham Lincoln quote. I think it's dope. Read it, take it in. It's important. I'll be sure to internalize this.
Sambhav Mehta: This is you guys, we're doing our best.
Sambhav Mehta: We give each other feedback, we work on our mistakes. This is kind of like what I talked about last week in that secret sauce thing that did. But it's a similar thing where, like.
Sambhav Mehta: you know, you can't do everything, and sometimes we overcommit it. Sometimes we have intentions to do things in certain way. We don't do it in a certain way. Just own it, move on from it, deal with it. But that all being said, we have feedback that we need from you, and we really want. So give it to us. Could you put that? Sure? Take it in? Yeah, go ahead
Sambhav Mehta: still cool.
Sambhav Mehta: Oh, man.
Sambhav Mehta: but it's real. I relate to that. I feel that some of you might feel that, too. But that being said, I think you made this right, Chloe. I don't think it's this anymore. It might be Csat. Yes, so it's csat. Now.
Sambhav Mehta: whatever it is, similar vein where the whole idea is like
Sambhav Mehta: what people think a low score represents versus what it actually represents like, this isn't an Amazon. This is way more detailed nuance, and like taking everything into account. So, anyway, just understand what these numbers mean. If it's not this. And you see, set that you get. Understand what that means. Just know what score you're getting and what that represents, because sometimes you get founders go. I know you guys are awesome. So I gave you a 7.
Sambhav Mehta: And I'm like, Wait, awesome is not a set just to be clear like. That's not what awesome means. But let's unpack what you mean. If you mean not so awesome and only awesome in these ways. That makes sense. But you mean mostly awesome. And you have a few critiques.
Sambhav Mehta: Let's talk about what the score records.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah, yeah, that's it.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah.
Sambhav Mehta: So now, this, this nice, okay, let me just go ahead.
Sambhav Mehta: I don't know.
Sambhav Mehta: It's a you.
Sambhav Mehta: It's a question that they can be submit for a question this.
Sambhav Mehta: But we solicit Internet.
Sambhav Mehta: Okay, so now, what the emails are updates hash that they look at for thousands coming in. And it's important that they continue to receive those garbled letters
Sambhav Mehta: at basecamp.com like that super garbled email drop stuff right into a base camp project. So that is actually your best chance of getting mailed through your emails.
Sambhav Mehta: So keep me on your list, obviously. But like the email platform to put that in there. I get a feed of all your dates in my little dashboard that I have all my companies. And then I have all the little running thing of emails like investor update emails that I see. It's like, whoever sending it to that basement thing that I get. I do get in my email, too.
Sambhav Mehta: Emails like, that's that's dangerous ground for me. You don't want to look at my inbox.
Sambhav Mehta: But yeah, but he like basically built himself a separate inbox. That's only for founder investor in both.
Sambhav Mehta: That's what matters. And then we'll share anything. You just copy things.
Sambhav Mehta: No judgment.
Sambhav Mehta: It's all done. Okay, that's cool.
Sambhav Mehta: So I do have like.
Sambhav Mehta: So both of it.
Sambhav Mehta: Bonus.
Sambhav Mehta: Yes, but I think it's I do suggest.
Sambhav Mehta: Beside.
Sambhav Mehta: it is a little bit more. And
Sambhav Mehta: but, like you said investor updates because it helps you.
Sambhav Mehta: not because it helps us. So if you think it's some sort of homework obligation that we need to hold you accountable to, I would challenge you to rethink what you're thinking completely. And I made that really clear in the beginning, because
Sambhav Mehta: you want to communicate to your investors about how things are going, whether or not they have something to help you with, because
Sambhav Mehta: later on down the road, if someone asked.
Sambhav Mehta: Well, how is their communication and how they've been. Other investors are going to want to see what are all the updates you can send. That's 1 of the things that they look at to evaluate whether you're worthy of funding. Now you don't care about it.
Sambhav Mehta: That's your choice.
Sambhav Mehta: Just be aware that we're trying to help use the best practice based on what we think will help you things that you want. Yeah, example on how you can build that character yourself. If you remember the sending cooler updates workshop nature was like, Yeah, it hasn't like really helped me like, I guess if let's sometimes people respond whatever. And he had like 30, 40 people on his list, Alex, from purposely, who was able to make moves, get clients, get investors, do email updates had 400 people.
Sambhav Mehta: So you you got to make your own carrot a little bit by getting more people involved and engaged in your journey,
Sambhav Mehta: People would be more likely to respond. Once. They're a little bit less frequent and like, I'll be responsive emails when I'm getting them a little bit less. And when I'm not seeing you guys every day, but you gotta make your own and like expand your chances for success in terms of like letting people have access to the information they need to help you. Yeah, if you think about it like, it's homework for us, and you're doing it wrong.
Sambhav Mehta: 100 people.
Sambhav Mehta: That's why, like ourselves and such
Sambhav Mehta: people are fine.
Sambhav Mehta: I I forward pros. Investor updates all the time to people.
Sambhav Mehta: This is awesome.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah, in 5 clicks.
Sambhav Mehta: I think you, I understand. It's our responsibility. Yes, that's right.
Sambhav Mehta: Just single
Sambhav Mehta: meetings there is.
Sambhav Mehta: But it's not all of that.
Sambhav Mehta: The value that I was getting back it just happens so
Sambhav Mehta: wouldn't do it, we should do it because it's it's kind of it's important.
Sambhav Mehta: Get a difficult step like the program.
Sambhav Mehta: If you want to benchmark like what is what is like Sellers.
Sambhav Mehta: I'm trying to get something new here, because I I'm hearing you and I, I feel it's the same point, and
Sambhav Mehta: like what I've said is still the response to what you're saying. This, there's
Sambhav Mehta: yeah. So I'm not just saying that since so so can.
Sambhav Mehta: here's what's helpful. And here's what helpful that is specific to the address you send me.
Sambhav Mehta: It's
Sambhav Mehta: different for this. That is exactly about. But I don't know that it's a decent. I'm just saying like for me.
Trina Das: I'm sending this into the.
Sambhav Mehta: Sorry the Sydney killer updates workshop that we had. Yeah. So maybe we watch it. I don't know. You need to remind yourself of those things, because that's literally why we ran that workshop. It covers and addresses all the points that you're making. I think you made it really clear.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah, he's what what they took away from this. There's a hundred different best practice
Sambhav Mehta: at the other day. Different call
Sambhav Mehta: of different ways that work better for them to do this and generalize the format. Just do something that is useful for you.
Sambhav Mehta: just saying that the difficulty in this is I
Sambhav Mehta: for me, I'd love to have some feedback. So after Demo being, let's sit down for 15 min, and I'll like review and see if there's any sort of edits you can make to your structure to get more engagement.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah. But yeah, and then.
Sambhav Mehta: so yes, yeah. So one more thing I'll flag is. Now, you guys will be more engaged with each other's updates. When we're seeing each other less frequently. So like it. It'll be nice to see each other stuff like, Make sure you guys are are all.
Sambhav Mehta: And then.
Sambhav Mehta: yeah, that's kind of it. But also you're in the Big Leagues. Now, man, you all control your own destiny. Whatever isn't working for you. Fix it.
Sambhav Mehta: Fix it, Felix.
Sambhav Mehta: You guys, yeah, waiting for me?
Sambhav Mehta: Probably.
Sambhav Mehta: Would she? Not necessarily something.
Sambhav Mehta: Hold on oops
Sambhav Mehta: honestly what I would recommend and like what we probably should be doing is collective review as a backup.
Sambhav Mehta: Just in case the company goes. Yeah, that's that's right. Yep, that happens.
Sambhav Mehta: Or in case you change their names a bit, whatever people don't realize it.
Sambhav Mehta: When they pivoted. I've lost 500,
Sambhav Mehta: and then per one had to reintrolate to
Sambhav Mehta: one more, major giant thing that you guys are going to do at the end of the week. Okay.
Sambhav Mehta: you are going to turn on your basement email notifications. You're gonna turn this on because we are not going to bother you unless it's something we actually want you to see. So the level of notifications is going to drop so dramatically after Friday. And you guys are probably some of you, you're obviously welcome to continue using. Basically, if you want, the team is still going to be there still be accessible.
Sambhav Mehta: But tools and implications aren't, because we'll have like
Sambhav Mehta: events and stuff and resources, and like
Sambhav Mehta: these are lawyers who offers are exclusive to San Francisco. All that stuff, and it's we only notify you. And and technically, you don't even have to log into basecamp ever again, you'll get email updates. And you can reply via email. So if you don't prefer logging to base camp, Carlos,
Sambhav Mehta: oh, you start to like, okay, got it 3 months in emails about whatever is relevant to you. And then when you see those, you respond
Sambhav Mehta: because they got to pay money, if they keep those okay who is coming back to galvanize after the pandemic.
Sambhav Mehta: not not the week of New York, but the week after being in the building.
Trina Das: Yeah, we do that.
Sambhav Mehta: It sounds like it's 17,
Sambhav Mehta: and when you're done they have the keep up number 15. We'll call June 15.th I will verify
Sambhav Mehta: cool, she? She said, that she can give. Give us that significant discount.
Sambhav Mehta: If you want to stay for longer she'll give you a discount. Sounds like
Sambhav Mehta: it's like 50 bucks is ours.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah.
Sambhav Mehta: that's good. That's good. That's good. I like it.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah. Yeah. Including, no one gets what I get the best deals.
Sambhav Mehta: So the Hq. Is going to remain unchanged. I will periodically post in the Hq. To like. Tell you the big alumni Hq. Is probably going to be the most active after program with that big stuff that's going on the individual company projects are going to be sunset like a month or 2 after program. It's a temporary archive. It can be on archived if you ever want to go back in there. But our like
Sambhav Mehta: on our team side. It's a nightmare. We have like 90 unused projects in our list. Yeah, we'll keep it active. We'll turn it on if you want to start using basecamp for real, for real. You're welcome to use my account for now I recommend you at some point getting your own account, because you want control of everything. I'm the admin on this account. So you want those admin powers which might be helpful to you and your team. Take them, but you'll have to take
Sambhav Mehta: so alright. So it gets more real and more fun, I think tomorrow for a 10 by 10, and all that good stuff.
Sambhav Mehta: And then, I think, has everyone read the weekly what to expect
Sambhav Mehta: if you have not. And you have questions about anything happening this week.
Sambhav Mehta: I'm not gonna answer your question, but I'm gonna point you to that, and then we'll talk.
Sambhav Mehta: and we're also going to rewatch with our students. We'll talk about them today.
Sambhav Mehta: Beautiful. Alright! Have a great day. Y'all have fun tonight. See you? Tomorrow we're good.
Sambhav Mehta: We will stick around to marketplace Q. And A's okay.